cook: materials become data — values resolved against a shader's interface

The payoff of the declared interface. material.h hardcodes five fields, so the
set of things a material can express is compiled into the engine. A .material
now names a .shader and supplies values for the parameters THAT shader
declared, so a project defines its own look without touching engine source.
Phase 5 / R3 of docs/renderer-audit-and-plan.md.

    {
      "shader": "shaders/standard.shader",
      "parameters": { "roughness": 0.85, "baseColorFactor": [0.72,0.25,0.10,1] },
      "textures":   { "baseColor": "textures/rust_albedo.png" }
    }

NAMES RESOLVE AT COOK TIME. The cooker checks every parameter and sampler
against the shader's declaration, validates arity, fills defaults, and emits
finished float blocks. The runtime does no lookup and no validation — it
uploads bytes. A misspelled parameter is a failed cook, not a silent no-op at
60 Hz, and the error lists what IS declared so the fix is obvious:

  parameter "roughtness" is not declared by the shader
    (declared: baseColorFactor, roughness, metallic)
  texture "emissive" is not a sampler declared by the shader
    (declared: baseColor, normalMap)

BLOCKS ARE COMPLETE, NEVER SPARSE. Uniform blocks are sized and filled from the
SHADER's parameter list, not from what the material happened to set, so an
unset parameter carries the shader's default. A sparse block would leave
whatever the previous draw wrote in the gaps — "looks right alone, wrong next
to another object", which is miserable to diagnose because every material is
individually fine. Same rule for samplers: every declared sampler emits a
binding, so an unset stage gets its fallback instead of the last texture bound
there.

The cooker reads the .shader SOURCE manifest, not the cooked .cshader. The
interface is authored; compiling only VERIFIES it, and ShaderCooker already
does that once against the real uniform table. This removes any cook-order
dependency between a material and its shader — which matters because ICooker
has no "my input isn't ready" result and registry dependency edges only exist
after a first successful cook has recorded them. The cost, stated in info.md: a
material can cook against a shader whose own cook failed. That surfaces at
load, and the shader failure is already loud.

Also fixes the .sc invalidation gap flagged when shader cooking landed: stage
sources are inputs but not registry assets, so they can't go through
addDependency(UUID). Their bytes now hash into ShaderCooker's
settingsFingerprint. Before: editing a shader looked like "my edit did
nothing". Verified — a .sc edit re-cooks, an unchanged tree stays up to date.
Materials hash only the .shader manifest, not the .sc files, because a material's
output depends on the declared interface alone; hashing shading code would
re-cook every material in the project on every shader edit.

engine_doctor caught modules/assetlib/info.md going stale from the new asset
formats and, being tier `hardened`, made it an ERROR rather than a warning.
Doc updated with the cooked-format section, including the untrusted-input rule
those loaders follow.

One concern per file: material_manifest (parse), material_resolve (bind values
to an interface, pure), material_cooker (sequence), assetlib/material_asset
(container).

Verified: full build clean, ctest unit 28/28 (was 27), engine_doctor 55 docs /
0 errors. Really cooking a .material against shaders/standard.shader gives
u_colorFactor = the authored colour, u_params = [0, 0.85, 0, 0] (roughness
authored, metallic defaulted), s_normalMap bound to its flatNormal fallback.
MUTATION-PROVED on a real cook: a typo'd parameter and an undeclared texture
both fail and name the declared set.